Hi Andriy,

Thanks for your interest in FineTune!
Look forward to getting to know you since you seem to have an interesting background.
After you complete the following assessment/survey we would be interested in interviewing to see if there's a fit.

To continue, please complete the attached exercise (we are looking for great test strategies
and parameterization of tests in gherkin exercise;
for oop exercise we have low expectation so if you are not comfortable with a programming language,
pseudo code is fine but looking for whether you have an eye for good software design/architecture)
and the questionnaire below to understand some of your frank perspectives.
We ask all candidates to be prescreened to assess your expertise and motivation.
Since we focus heavily on written communication and autonomy of getting things done,
we ask you to complete these exercises to help us understand you better.
If you could send back answers at your earliest convenience,
it would help us move things forward. You shouldn't take more than an hour for each of the exercises,
but if you are in the flow we like people who are willing to put in double effort because they are interesting.
Let me know when you can get back so we can move forward quickly. Look forward to hearing soon!

1. What are some process changes in the past that increased the output/value delivered by engineering teams
while reducing bugs and wasted effort or rework?
2. Also, what is your experience with delighting customers and how that was achieved from an organization level?
How should engineers be thinking about the customer or the project to delight the customer?
3. It would be great to hear what you think are some ways to upgrade an QA engineering team's performance
and any attempts in the past doing so or failing to do so and learnings from it.
4. What excites you day to day and what kind of challenges do you like to work on?
5. Please describe some scenarios and test plans where you had to use sql queries to verify
and load test data for testing. How many rows and tables had to be populated? Were there any join queries?
6. Please describe some API testing scenarios you had to perform. What was the feature,
what were the test cases and how did you go about testing them.
7. Describe about an example of an automated testing you have written that you benefited from.
8. What has been your favorite test case management tool and how did you incorporate rigor,
discipline and data driven insights to increase quality of software?
9. What is the best tool to share screen shots
or test runs videos on JIRA so devs can clearly understand the bug and replicate easily?
10. What tools have you used to monitor production logs and exceptions
and what communication and collaboration did you do to resolve the issues?
11. How do you think release should be planned and who should be involved
and communicated to when bi-weekly releases are happening?
12. We would like to use Cypress to implement E2E automated tests.
Have you used Cypress (https://www.cypress.io/) and written end to end tests using Cypress?
How many scenarios were implemented?

Finally, here's also our self management guideline for FineTune that is evolving.
Because we are a fully distributed team and we want to become a highly scalable and world class distributed team,
the self management values are one of the most important aspects of our company.
I would like you to review to see if you fit in,
because strongest fit is the most important as we are building foundations to grow big.

Please also write a commentary review on these guidelines and indicate what you are good at,
what you need to improve on, what your team/peers are good at, what your team/peers need to improve on.
https://finetune.quip.com/omIZAIabr9UT
Thanks and look forward to hearing soon!